the operation is general manager for
buck knives and up over a couple of the
new products forever okay first new
product is our bait night last year we
introduced our domestic fellatio both a
six-inch nine-inch blade and we've got a
lot of requests from people about a date
night we've always imported it so what
we did is the product group designed the
blade specifically to be a bait knife
same handle as our filet so a double
shot rubber over plastic but then
obviously a much different blade for
utility work serrated back edge and then
our standard I got a straight edge on
the bottom very top this is sharp as
well to allow for piercing or poking
when needed such as if somebody wants to
use this to clean a fish rather just got
update works really well for that so
this is brand-new molded nylon sheath
just introduced at the shot show next
product / we actually this has been
developed in development for about two
and a half three years
it is we call it the squeezers it's a
combination between
a pair of scissors or shears and a pair
of needlenose pliers this is entirely
one hundred percent us-made we ship
about 500 of them last year just ended a
year to a couple of key customers that
asked about it and I'm going to go what
I want to do is go over this some of the
features hrithik okay obviously as I
said needle nose pliers me back here you
have the you're gripping area for
crimping Ferrell's Creek you'd split
shots anchors things like that
the blades are too replaceable blades
take the screw out replace the blades
they're made so that one side has a
ground straight edge the other side is a
very fine micro serration what that does
is the loudest allows us to cut braided
fishing line this will cut we usually
demonstrate it on 250 pound test braided
fishing line it will cut it as cleanly
as it will come on a filament line as it
will cut string to cut anything else
this is the only thing we've found so
far then cut braided line that cleanly
and i don't mean once I mean to cut it
and cut it and cut it and cut it and cut
it
as I said old us-made comes in this
sheath come to the next comes with an
extra set of blades in this pocket right
here later this year replacement blades
will be available as a sole separately
item MSRP on this is right at a hundred
dollars so that means street retail
right now is it conte t buck 75 bucks
what's the MSRP on this one this one the
MSRP is about 50 so it's hit and run
around you extreme retail is probably
right around 35 somewhere there okay